[SYCL] fix alignment property in operator[] of annotated_ptr (#11265)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/experimental/sycl_ext_oneapi_annotated_ptr.asciidoc

to the underlying pointer. Reads/Writes using the reference will retain the
annotations.

> Only applicable properties will be passed to `annotated_ref`.

Reviewer: From your changes to sycl_ext_intel_fpga_kernel_arg_properties it seems that you want the default to be that a property is not passed on to annotated_ref  I think you need to state that default here explicitly.  I.e:

```suggestion
Only applicable properties will be passed to `annotated_ref`.  Unless a property's description states otherwise it will not be passed on.  
```

> 

Author: Hi Lueck. Since the annotated_ptr currently serve two purpose right now:
1. interface annotation
2. pointer annotation

Here we tried to split properties for interface annotation and pointer annotation as well. We want all annotations to be carried by annotated_ptr, but only passing pointer annotations to annotated_ref

Does this make sense to you?

> 

Reviewer 2: This doesn't make sense to me. Are you talking about alignment or some other property?
For alignment whether we filter has nothing to do with ref vs ptr or interface vs pointer but whether it has an offset.

> 

Author: No I am not talking about alignment here. These are regarding these two types
1. interface annotation:  awidth, dwidth, buffer_location
2. pointer annotation: buffer_location, alignment

All properties are carried by annotated_ptr, while we only passing pointer annotation to annotated_ref

> 

Author: I think either filtering out the property in header file or in SPIRV translator works. But filtering out these properties in header file will be easier and more maintainable.

|
Returns an `annotated_ptr` that points to `this[Offset]`.

Only applicable properties will be passed to the returned `annotated_ptr`.

> 

Author: is each property supposed to document whether it is propagated through operator+(size_t)?
> Yes I think so

is alignment propagated? This would make sense depending on the value of offset
>alignment is propagated to annotated_ref, but it will not be propagated in operator[]. As you said it's indeed depending on the value of offset. So for some operators we have to drop the alignment properties.

> 

Reviewer 2: No it can't depend on the value. The value is only known at runtime but the property is propagated at compile time.

> 

Reviewer 3: I think this change also is not a good idea.  It might make sense to propagate the properties through the pointer arithmetic operations, depending on the (runtime) value of the offset.  I think it should be the user's responsibility to drop the property explicitly when necessary.  For example, the description of `alignment` already says that it is the user's responsibility to ensure that the pointer has the indicated alignment:

> The behavior is undefined if the pointer value does not have the indicated alignment.

We should not design the API in a way that tries to guess what the user wants.  Instead, we should have simple rules, and let the user explicitly drop properties when necessary.

> 

Author: I think if we ask users to do this then this could end up being a common mistake? If user applying alignment mistakenly, the error varies depending on the user code. It could be a memory optimization issue that are vague to be debugged or it could be something else. I think we should try to avoid this as much as we can

|
Prefix increment operator.

> If property list contains properties that are not sustainable through pointer
> arithemic, this operator errors out.

Reviewer: Maybe it's just my bias, but when I read "this operator errors out" it sounds like a run-time exception.  I believe you intend for this to be a compile-time error.  Can you make that more clear?  For example:

```suggestion
If property list contains properties that are not sustainable through pointer
arithmetic, this operator is not valid and if it is used a diagnostic is required.  
```

This property is an assertion by the application that the `annotated_ptr` has
the given alignment, specified in bytes. The behavior is undefined if the
pointer value does not have the indicated alignment.

> This property is passed to `annotated_ref` class when a `annotated_ptr` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is passed to the `annotated_ref` class when an `annotated_ptr` is
```

> deferenced with `operator*`.

Reviewer 2: For this property the property should also be dropped for other operators (+, -, +=, ...).

Author: Yes will update all of them

> deferenced with `operator*`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
dereferenced with `operator*`.
```
